Miss Late Autumn, I'm sorry.
I was delayed on something important just now.
Tang Shoufu, why are you here?
I run this bank, okay?
We are here today
I want to borrow money from the bank to start a company
Ok ok
How much do you want to borrow?
30 million. 30 million.
If not
Then we won't bother
Miss Wanting, please be slow.
I think
Isn't 30 million too little?
Tang Surgery is right
30 million people work part-time.
I think if you want to bring it, bring 100 million
Don't make trouble
Mr. Shaw is right
Bring 100 million if you want
But we don't have any collateral capital.
With this contract
The qualification to settle in Wancheng in the future is worth 100 million
100 million is loaned like this
Nothing.
I just feel like
When is a bank loan with a surname so simple?
Discipline
You're a slut who eats inside and out